
mainmenu "White Rabbit Switch  configuration"

config BR2_CONFIGFILE
	string "Configuration file for Buildroot"
	default "wrs_release_br2_config"
	help
	  The configuration file selects which packages are to be
	  included in the WRS filesystem and which are not.  If
	  you pass a relative pathname, the build procedure will
	  look for it in wr-switch-sw/configs/buildroot, while
	  absolute pathnames are used unchanged.

	  If the string being passed doesn't refer to a file, the
	  scripts print a warning and use the default file. Incorrect
	  files lead to unpredicatable results.

choice
	prompt "PTP daemon implementation"

config PTP_NOPOSIX
	bool "Use ptp-noposix daemon"
	help
	  This implementation is being phased out, because it became
	  unmaintainable over time. However, it is still the default
	  at this point in time, because it has been tested and used
	  for a long time.

config PPSI
	bool "Use PPSi daemon"
	help
	  PPSi (PTP Ported to Silicon) is the new implementation, which
	  is already the default PTP run in the White Rabbit node.

endchoice

menu "Local configuration"

config NTP_SERVER
	string "IP address of local NTP server (empty for none)"
	help
	  At boot time, the White Rabbit time is primed by querying
	  an NTP server, if any is there.  Please write here the
	  IPV4 address (e.g.: "192.168.16.1"); an empty string
	  disables NTP-based priming.

config DNS_SERVER
	string "static IP address of local DNS server (empty for none)"
	help
	  Using names instead of IP addresses is sometimes handy. This
	  option allow to specify a static server name, that is stored
	  in /etc/resolv.conf, within the WRS image being built. If
	  the string is empty, /etc/resolv.conf is managed according
	  to buildroot defaults.

config DNS_DOMAIN
	string "Default domain for DNS resolution"
	help
	  If CONFIG_DNS_SERVER is being used, this option may be
	  useful as well.

config REMOTE_SYSLOG_SERVER
	string "Send WRS syslog messages to this remote host"
	help
	  This IP address or name, if not empty enables remote syslog
	  in the switch; all messages are sent to this specific host.

config REMOTE_SYSLOG_UDP
	bool "Use UDP for syslog messages"
	default y
	help
	  Select UDP to send system logs. If not set, TCP is used.

config KEEP_ROOTFS
	bool "Keep generated filesystem and related script"
	help
	  During development of build scripts, it may be useful
	  to keep the generated root filesystem as well as the
	  script used to create it. If selected, the build script
	  will report the actual file names at each build.
	  If unsusre, say N.

endmenu
