RFC: An internally consistent WR log format usable for all WR hardware.
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------
I think it would be nice to try to make the output of 'stat cont' on
SPEC, WR-LEN, Switch (wr_mon), WR-ZEN consistent for machine parsing.
Right now I see that the LEN/ZEN have yet another pretty print
implemented, that my current scripts can't read (and really it is
annoying to fix the scripts for each new format that is just not
compattible...)

I would suggest that each status update contains only one line of data
(not 4 as on the LEN/ZEN), or that a structured data format (e.g. by
use of {}) is implemented. On the LEN/ZEN there is currently a line of
data for the mode, each of the wr ports and the temperature...

Currently a format with field:value separated by spaces seems the most
imlemented. I could imagine that this can be extended to:

field:{field:value field:value} field:value

where the highest level of hierarchy is not embraced. I can imagine
that at some point we would come to comparison of various slave ports
on a switch where for each slave port an active servo state is kept.
Such a configuration, combined with hardware support for a latch of
all data to a static register, could e.g. be used to support real time
comparison of various clock domains. Currently the registers appear to
have no support for hard real time capture of the register values
(maybe I'm wrong there).

At this point I see in the switch four domains that could be called
"top level" in an extended format.

TIME: hardware timestamp (currently as close to as possible) of the
      capture time of the data
SERVO: state of the servo that keeps track of the time, references which
       port is tracked.
PORTS: status of each port of a device
TEMP: temperature of the temperature sensors on a device.

In the current and proposed update of wr_mon the words TIME PORTS
SERVO and TEMP are fields without value, showing this by the absence of :
It is a question whether we need this in a more structured format. In
my own parser such words are simply filtered (including the C in the
temperature field of the SPEC, which I would suggest to drop, or to
have a three semicolon separated field:value:unit form allowed too).
